#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile '.\requirements.in'
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
adjusttext==0.8
    # via pca
annotated-types==0.5.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow-intel
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
colourmap==1.1.16
    # via
    #   pca
    #   scatterd
comm==0.1.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
datazets==0.1.7
    # via
    #   pca
    #   scatterd
debugpy==1.6.7.post1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.0
    # via nbformat
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via tensorflow-intel
fonttools==4.42.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
google-auth==2.17.3
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.0.0
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
grpcio==1.57.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
h5py==3.9.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imbalanced-learn==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   imblearn
imblearn==0.0
    # via -r .\requirements.in
ipykernel==6.25.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.14.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.1.0
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jax==0.4.14
    # via tensorflow-intel
jedi==0.19.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.19.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r .\requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.5
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.24.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.8
    # via ipywidgets
keras==2.12.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
kneed==0.8.5
    # via -r .\requirements.in
libclang==16.0.6
    # via tensorflow-intel
llvmlite==0.40.1
    # via
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
markdown==3.4.4
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   adjusttext
    #   colourmap
    #   pca
    #   scatterd
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
ml-dtypes==0.2.0
    # via jax
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.7
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.0.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numba==0.57.1
    # via
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   adjusttext
    #   colourmap
    #   contourpy
    #   datazets
    #   h5py
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   jax
    #   kneed
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   numba
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pca
    #   scatterd
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   umap-learn
    #   xgboost
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   tensorflow-intel
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorflow-intel
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   datazets
    #   pca
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.3
    # via statsmodels
pca==2.0.4
    # via -r .\requirements.in
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.0.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.16.0
    # via -r .\requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==4.24.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.1.1
    # via -r .\requirements.in
pydantic-core==2.4.0
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pynndescent==0.5.10
    # via umap-learn
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r .\requirements.in
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pywin32==306
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.11
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.3
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   datazets
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.9.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scatterd==1.3.6
    # via pca
scikit-learn==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   pca
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
scipy==1.11.1
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   jax
    #   kneed
    #   pca
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
    #   umap-learn
    #   xgboost
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   scatterd
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   tensorflow-intel
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.14.0
    # via pca
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via plotly
tensorboard==2.12.3
    # via tensorflow-intel
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.12.0
    # via -r .\requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.12.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
tensorflow-intel==2.12.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.31.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   umap-learn
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   tensorflow-intel
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
umap-learn==0.5.3
    # via -r .\requirements.in
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.4
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.1
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.3.7
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.41.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==4.0.8
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via tensorflow-intel
xgboost==1.7.6
    # via -r .\requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
